Something very special has happened with the healing streams. The blind received sight, deaf ears unstopped, dump tongues loosened. The lame walked, the dead raised, and the healing grace and power 
of Jesus Christ is all over all the earth. There are different kinds of graces and diversities of operations; He says: by the hands of the apostles were many signs and wonders wrought among the 
people. You see it? So the apostles had this amazing gift. So through their hands many signs and wonders were wrought among the people. Peter called the laying on of hands a gift. That power to 
be able to transmit the power of God by the laying on of hands, Peter said it was a gift. Everyone that I lay hands on gets healed. That is important. If I put the hand on you you are healed. 
My conditions, hypertension, diabetes and two endocrine tumors in my body. On the day of my healing, Pastor Chris came up to me and said that you are free. You are free. And now I can actually 
eat. I can do everything that I couldn't do before. I have more energy. My family and my friends can see there's a change in me. Not only in my behavior but in the way I speak; I'm more 
positive in the way I speak. So now let's go back to Acts chapter 5 verse 15. Insomuch, insomuch that they brought forth the sick into the streets, and laid them on beds and couches; that at 
the least, that at the least the shadow of Peter passing by might overshadow some of them. He says the shadow of Peter, meaning that there's some extra grace here with Peter. Look at it. 
Might overshadow some of them. The word is Episkiazo. Episkiazo means to shadowcast. So Peter was shadowcasting. The grace of God was giving him to shadowcast the power of God. So God gave me 
something even extra. It's called Broadcasting. Healing and miracles to you. Wherever you are in this great world today. This power reach you. We have clear images today. Clear images. 
Same thing, but this one with technology. About lights. And so when you see that image on that screen, it's still a form of shadow. When you see it on the screen maybe on a large screen on 
the wall. Even in those crusades, fields and several auditoria they got all over the world, where people are meeting by thousands and thousands; many many healings have taken place. 
Like a healing explosion. So the shadow came on the screen into their house. And they got healed. Pastor Chris, he just come to the TV and he say, I want to give the opportunity to everyone. 
Put your hand where you're having the pain, where the place. So I just did that. And I felt something in my leg. And just in that moment I moved my leg. At that moment I was healed. 
No more pain. No more medication. Ooooooh Hallelujah. Several hospitals were left empty. Because people got healed during the healing streams. It's all lights and transmission. Think about it. 
From different countries of the world, many nations represented, because people are tuned in; they are connected. We have healing centers all over the world; some small and not too large. 
Some very large. We saw big crusades going on at the same time. And the power of God is present at the same time. He knew there had to be more people beyond the shadow. I had to do this around 
the world. So I got to do broadcasting, and not just shadowcasting. You see it. You're talking about grace. He told me to do it. He told me to and gave me the grace for it. 
We saw the impact of TV and radio in the last healing streams. And we want to be on air on every TV and radio station for the healing streams; before the program, and then during the program. 
Make a plan to have the healing streams broadcast live. Let me show you something else. Acts chapter 19. And God wrote special miracles by the hands of Paul. By the hands of Paul. 
So that from his body were brought unto the sick handkerchiefs or aprons, and the diseases departed from them, and the evil spirits went out of them. As long as these handkerchiefs and aprons 
made contact with Paul, and they were taken to the sick and oppressed, the diseases departed from them; and the evil spirits went out of them. Here's another grace that was given to Paul. 
And the Lord gave me another extraordinary grace. I was concerned about handkerchiefs and aprons. I said, Lord, I don't want them to form Idolatry with handkerchiefs and aprons. 
He said you will do better than that! He said every material that goes from you will do the same thing. We're producing billions of copies of these magazine every month! And they're sent all 
over the world. Wherever they go, demons go out of the people. And the sick are healed. And the dead are raised up. It's amazing the kind of things that have happened. And I say these things 
to you so that you prepare very well for healing streams in the month of March. There's more than enough grace to cover this earth. That's what God said to me. If He didn't say it, 
it wouldn't work. You can't make things like this up. No, you can't form them yourself. The only reason they are happening is because he made them to be so. It's his choice, it's his work. 
It's time to get the venues you need. Large venues, small venues, whatever. Just get what you need. And start preparing for it. And start inviting others now. They're going to be so blessed 
and transformed. And the Lord will meet them at the point of their needs. And also, be praying for them. Many are going to receive salvation. As much as lies within you, reach all those that 
God will help you reach. In the brilliance of prophecy fulfilled, the 2025 healing streams live healing services with Pastor Chris stood as that exalted mountain, towering above every earthly 
limitation, drawing billions from every nation under heaven and launching them into a supernatural encounter with God's life-transforming power. It was a divine convergence unlike any other, 
where healing, miracles and boundless blessings swept across borders, flooding cities, nations, territories, and continents with creative miracles, undeniable signs, and awe-striking wonders. 
Broadcast live on Healing Streams TV, this extraordinary global phenomenon shattered geographical and linguistic barriers, unleashing the healing power of God with unprecedented intensity. 
In all nations, towns, cities, hamlets, and even hinterlands, the desire for the miraculous stirred a massive spirit-led mobilization. Millions of large crusades centers and healing centers 
sprang up in diverse locations. And while multitudes gathered at these physical sites and even greater multitude connected through internet platforms, TV and radio, receiving miracles and 
blessings in real time, in the languages they understood. Over the course of the global crusade, the atmosphere swirled with expectation. Sturing melodies filled the air as the Loveworld 
singers sang words of truth and power, affirming God's love and declaring what God could do for the broken, the sick, the weary. Each line was a lifeline, charging the atmosphere and igniting 
faith in countless hearts. It was in this ambience that the man of God Pastor Chris emerged as God's envoy of power and compassion full of the fullness of the spirit. The moment he stepped 
into the arena, joyful anticipation broke out in the auditorium and across continents, as the global audience recognized that this was no ordinary hour. The ailing, the hurting, and the broken 
locked eyes on the man sent from God to them, clinging to hope and their hearts filled with expectation, knowing that the set time for their transformation had come. With divine exactitude, 
he began to minister, healing to them, his words slicing through layers of affliction and his hands transmitting divine energy into their frail bodies. What they received was more than healing. 
It was the desolation of darkness and the collapse of demonic dimensions in their life. God's power prevailed. Every sickness errors, demons trembled, surrendered, displaced. 
Chains were shattered. The captives found peace. Every affliction was forced to release. An avalanche of miracles, a deluge of grace. The pastor Chris, God's presence filled every place. 
A special moment unfolded is the man of God took the hands of those on stretchers, lifting them up immediately. They were healed and rejoiced. And chronic, you're too carry. 
It's a breath of anointing go through his body right now. So how is he? Yes, he's healed! Hallelujah! A spectacular moment unfolded when the man of God, Pastor Chris, approached a group of 
people in wheelchairs and with divine authority declared them healed. At once they sprang to their feet and joy, strength and amazement, walking unated for the first time in years as their 
wheelchairs were rolled away no longer needed. Hands were lifted in praise and voices rang out in awe and thanksgiving to God. It was a breathtaking display of the power of God in real time, 
unforgettable and uncontainable. Even those connected via virtual screens from countless corners of the world became partakers in the outpouring of miracles. Sickness gave way, 
pain disappeared, and impossibilities bowed to the name of Jesus. And then, in overwhelming dimensions, the streams of healing were directed to participants who are watching from 
crusade grounds and healing centers globally, and the testimonies that erupted bore witness to the unchanging power of Jesus' Christ, the same yesterday, today and forever. 
I say, Nguyen Mese. Nine months ago, I faced a battle. The enemy attacked me. I began to experience and obsess on the back of my neck. And over time, it turned to an ugly color and looked 
really ugly. I went to the doctors and they were shocked by what they saw, because at that time, it had spread all over my back. And they started conducting several tests on me. 
They did another biopsy. And they found out that it was cancer, skin cancer. I was hospitalized for about a month, and I was on several antibiotics, from the lowest to the strongest. 
And what those medications did to me was that they caused my body to become corrupted. I couldn't take it anymore. And it was during this period, I heard about the healing stream's 
life-healing services, with Pastor Chris in my church. I registered and I participated in the program. During the program, when the man of God, Pastor Chris was ministering to the people 
who were watching from their homes, I received the word of healing into my spirit, and I knew that I was healed. Now, I can tell you that there is a living God who indeed performs miracles 
through the healing streams, because I am an example that God exists and that anything is possible with God. Imagine me, who was once a diabetic person, with a wound that large that a 
doctor's hand could fit through, the wound got healed and was closed to the glory of God. That can only be the demonstration of the healing power of God through the healing streams life 
healing services, with Pastor Chris. So, I'd like to tell everyone whether you're sick or not, to believe and accept that God is your sufficient savior, and you will see miracles in your life. 
Thank you so much, Pastor Chris, for allowing us to be a part of this healing program. I'd like to inform everyone from around the world to be a part of the healing streams life 
healing services, with Pastor Chris. Just to give you an idea, this program is global. When the healing streams is on, Pastor Chris is always praying for all those sick people who connect 
and watch the healing streams. That's where all the miracles like mine happen. Thank you so much, Pastor Chris, for my healing. May God bless you. Wherever you are, on radio, on television, 
on the Internet, on TV stations, that time everywhere, every nation and territory of the world. Spread out to the right, to the left, and possess nations. Possess cities through the air. 
I'm so, so grateful for the healing streams, healing services. During these healing streams, came also a TV channel. A TV channel was created to learn it to go out. 
And the name is RSPW3 and radio network. There are different channels. And also it is connected to the radio Maria from the Vatican, playscore. So what happened, I pray, pray sometimes for 
the Pope, the former Pope and now for sure this Pope. This time around on the healing stream, we were 31.6 million people being on air. Glory to God. And our radio station is covering 
Switzerland, parts of Choney, Austria and Lichtenstein. And and know the next healing streams, life, healing service, salvation will be everywhere. The Lord gave the word. 
Great was the company of those who proclaimed it, Psalm 68-11. Across the nations, the enduring impact of the healing streams live healing services has been firmly established, not only 
through the power of the healing mandate, but also through the unwavering dedication of committed translators who carry the glad tidings far and wide. Through their selfless contributions, 
the impact of all three editions of the healing streams live healing services in the year 2025 expanded globally as the message of divine health, healing and salvation was conveyed to billions 
of hearts in homes, churches and public gatherings across the nations in over 11,456 languages and dialects. My name is Indra Lati from Indonesia. Firstly, I want to say thank you very much 
to Pastor Chris for allowing us to work together for the healing stream life healing services. We translated the healing services from English and Tatum languages to the other 37 East Timor 
languages and from English and Malay language to the other 7 Brunei languages. So, from Tatum language from East Timor and Malay language for Brunei, the impact of life healing service in 
these countries was very inspiring. Now, we have open outreach fellowships in Brunei and East Timor as a result of our activities during the last edition of the healing streams life healing 
services. I say a very heartfelt thank you to all partners for sponsoring the life translation of the healing streams life healing services to many in their best understood languages. 
I am also inviting translators from around the world to join in the life translation of the next edition of the healing streams life healing services with Pastor Chris. 
And they were among the mighty men, helpers in the war, First Chronicles 12-1. In alignment with the mandate to complete the full preaching of the gospel 2025 marked a new dispensation for 
the healing streams live healing services with the simultaneous organization of healing streams crusades across different cities and nations. These large citywide gatherings emerged as 
compelling centers of healing, salvation, and the full expression of the gospel both in the lead up to and during the live healing services. From indoor tents and halls to expansive open 
fields and packed out stadium with great expectations, multitudes assembled in crusade venues across the world to encounter the miraculous through the healing streams. 
These crusades have produced remarkable outcomes of not only open doors for countless people across the nations to experience salvation in the name of the Lord Jesus Christ and the healing power 
of God during the live healing services but also created diverse opportunities for significant growth and expansion in churches and ministries worldwide. They have ignited an unshakable 
boldness in the hearts of ministers, causing them to preach the gospel with confidence in their cities, regions, and beyond. It's a privilege that we are working with Pastor Pius. 
No doubt it's indeed a proof that it's a biggest platform to take the healing to the nations and I'm very glad that after having the crusade in 24 of the world, 25 and in July, 
there is a lot of change in people, many nations are reached to us and at the same time transformation and healing is helping accordingly. Moreover, I will tell you that this the last crusade 
is getting so many testimonies there and Pastor Chris is the man of God who is taking healing to the nations and it is full-through there and at the same time not in only Pakistan but in Iran 
and Afghanistan as well. After this crusade when we held it in the two words, we see that there is the change in our congregation in our church and our church congregation is also increased by 
this crusade and you know many more people are reaching our church because of this healing stream. I want to invite from the all over the ministry who are working in or over all the world, 
the mega ministries, the small churches, the group churches, the cell groups. So I cordially invite the people who are seeing the healing healing to the nations but are not the part of this. 
I want to be I want to be the part of this healing stream, all the mega ministries, all the churches I want to invite you humble. In the end, I want to thanks Pastor Chris, who is the 
man of God, who take healing to the nation, not only towards me but to my city, my country, Pakistan, Afghanistan and at the same time Iran as well. And by this healing stream, my own spirit 
is arousing day by day and I am very blessed and at the same time very very happy and feel privileged and proud to be a part of healing streams. Thank you. This matter what the pain is, what 
the infirmity is, doesn't matter. What matters is Jesus loves you. He loves you. And He wants you well. The break for the service he is. This march, the world is on the brink of something 
extraordinary. Brace up for the stirring of the waters of the healing streams, life healing services, Pastor Chris scheduled the throne from the 13th to March 15th, 2026. Doesn't matter 
what's been taken out of your body, I bring you restoration. God's restorative healing power will be in full disclosure, forcing through nations, cities and villages, igniting supernatural 
restoration and painting a masterpiece of miracles from every healing center. Sickness will vanish, limitations will shatter, hopeful blaze and news, miracles will manifest in overflowing 
abundance. So many have just been healed. Everyone, healed everyone. All over the world, all over the world. It's done. It's done. It's done. It's done. It's done. It's done. It's done. 
Power of the Holy Ghost. It's done. It's done. You are here. I was a diagnosed as a half-performed liver abscess. I feel my body is weak in name. I can't do anything. 
When the healing stream starts, when Pastor Chris walked out from the street, he looked at the screen and dropped. He said, you are here. I believed I'd raise up in my hand. 
I believe I've been healed. My strength came back. So I stand up. So I can walk normally. Hallelujah. Healing streams this year would be something like the world has you never seen before. 
Register now at www.healingstreams.org. For special administrations, please call the numbers on your screen to book your spot. The services will be streamed live in every language of the world 
on www.healingstreams.tv and the Healing to the Nations app. It's your set time for your miracle.
